Remove streamlit from Space SDKs (#1834)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/spaces-dependencies.md

* [`datasets`](https://github.com/huggingface/datasets) allows you to fetch or display any dataset from the Hub inside your app.

> * Gradio version is specified by the `sdk_version` in the `README.md` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`gradio`](https://github.com/gradio-app/gradio), if you selected it as your Space type. You can optionally require a specific version using [`sdk_version` in the `README.md` file](spaces-config-reference).
```

Author: As streamlit is removed from the default SDK options, this section now applies only to Gradio. So I'm not sure if this change is needed.
